---
microblog: false
title: The iPhone 4 Ordeal
layout: post
date: 2010-06-24T00:16:00Z
staticpage: false
---

Today, my iPhone 4 arrived via FedEx. I found it on my desk waiting for
me when I got out of a product demo to take a phone call. To tell the
truth, it was hard to concentrate on the call a little bit. After all,
I’ve been anticipating this new phone for almost a year now and it’s
finally
here.![](http://gallery.me.com/darkhawk64/100087/IMG_0001/web.jpg?ver=12773620920001)

I had prepared to set it up before it arrived. When I got to work, I
backed up my old iPhone 3G so that I could restore, jailbreak, unlock
and ship it away to its new owner in New Jersey (more on that later).
After taking care of the customer on the phone as best I could, since it
was my first call as a sales rep and I wasn’t anticipating having to
deal with a return, I opened up the phone and plugged it into my MacBook
Pro.

When I’ve done this in the past, restoring the old data to the new
device has been a snap. Not so much here. I’m not sure what happened to
my backed up data from the old iPhone, but something didn’t work. I got
my apps installed, but my SMS messages, photos and app data didn’t
transfer. Gone. After much struggle (and turning my phone into airline
mode so I didn’t have to erase new texts), I had to wait until I got
home and restored my iPhone backup folder from my Time Machine backup
and I was able to get my data on the new phone. That was a relief.

At the same time, I’ve been needing to prep my old phone for shipment,
since I sold it for \$300 to fund the new one. That has been a huge
pain, since it’s ridiculously hard to jailbreak and unlock the newest
software. I’m still trying to figure it out, and will have to stay up as
late as needed to get it done for my customer.

Now, on to first impressions. The new phone is FAST. I can’t believe how
quick it is to zip around from app to app. I love the speed, especially
coming from an older, slower iPhone 3G. Graphics are amazing on Homerun
Challenge 3d, I can actually play Guitar Hero. It’s wonderful. The
retina display is not something you’ll believe until you see it. Text is
sharp, and the viewing angle is incredibly wide.
![](http://gallery.me.com/darkhawk64/100087/IMG_0006.jpg?derivative=medium&source=web.jpg&type=medium&ver=12773620940001)The
phone is really thin, even thinner than a Motorola Razr, which was by
far the thinnest phone of its day. [Check out the full gallery
here.](http://gallery.me.com/darkhawk64#100087)

I am surprised, however, at the sense of difference there is in the
experience. I didn’t want to use the word remorse, but it just feels
different. on my 3G, I knew where everything was right away, and I knew
its quirks. That’s not true for this new phone yet, but I’m sure it’s
going to get there. I really want to give the camera a full run,
shooting video and stills.

I know I’m going to love the phone, it’s just going to take a bit longer
than I had expected.
