If you look down the page just a post or two, the dates on them might
stand out. I haven’t been writing much lately. That has been an
increasing trend here and in the journal I keep on Day One. Part of it
is that I’m not sure what I should put here. Do I publish things that
I’m studying, grappling with or have created? Do I re-post links to
things that I find interesting (but I’m sure everyone else has seen)?

I know that there have been some promises I’ve made to write more and I
didn’t. I also blew my prediction of what [Apple would call the iPad
Mini](http://jsorge.net/post/27311398789/what-will-apple-call-a-smaller-ipad)
and didn’t follow up on that. That’s my bad. I tried writing more about
The Dark Knight Rises, but it felt forced and I didn’t like what came
out. So I bagged it.

I like the idea of publishing things that I’ve been working on, but the
problem that I have with that is it seems kind of vain. I don’t want to
put it out to the world in a way that comes off as smug and “look at
what I’ve done”, but rather in a way that can hopefully be of use to
someone. I’m still grappling with what this all looks like. In all
likelihood it will be a couple posts about my development of FileMaker
Pro apps for work using common modules to handle things like navigation.
I’m really happy with how those things have turned out, and am working
on making it a script-only thing (with inspiration from [Tood Geist’s
Modular FileMaker Project](http://modularfilemaker.org)).

I’ve got another post that will be showing up tomorrow, re-starting the
Apps I love series. I also submitted a guest blog post that I’ll
definitely share if it gets published. I’m not going to make any
promises about quantity of the content here. In the end this is a site
that I hope will become reflective of me, what I’m interested in and
what’s going on in my life. Hopefully you’ll stick around.

EDIT: Actually my new post in the Apps I love series will be coming
online on Tuesday. I’ve got something special to post tomorrow instead.
