---
layout: post
title: 'Apps I love: Fantastical'
date: '2012-07-10 05:13:10'
---

My love for [Fantastical](http://flexibits.com) was born out of my
disdain for what Apple did to iCal. I dont think Im alone in this, but I
used to be an avid iCal user. It was great and the first calendar app
that I really used consistently. Then it all went to crap in Lion (Mac
OS X 10.7). My biggest gripe aside from the hideous leather UI was the
removal of the calendar sidebar and usable monthly navigation overviews.

In light of that I sought out alternatives. BusyCal was a throwback to
the iCal of old but was just different enough that I couldnt get behind
it. And then along came Fantastical. Admittedly I was skeptical at first
until I tried it.

The way you interact with Fantastical is nothing short of magical. Just
type in your calendar event and it parses the language automatically. So
for instance,

> The Dark Knight Rises at midnight on July 20 at Alderwood Mall

Gets added as a calendar event called The Dark Knight Rises at 12:00 AM
on July 20 with the location set to Alderwood Mall.

The more I play around with how it recognizes criteria of what I type
the more surprised I get. From recognizing people on an event and
inviting them to setting up repetitions automatically I am always amazed
by what it can do.

The big thing that held me up from getting it was the price. I wasnt
really a fan of spending \$20 on a calendar app since I had been used to
iCal which was free with OS X. I let the 14-day trial expire and went
back to iCal for a while before deleting my preferences to reset the
trial. But In the end I sprung the \$20 for it and really havent
regretted it.

Thats a shift Ive been seeing in myself more lately: I enjoy supporting
small developers who make great apps. Most of the apps that Im planning
on writing about in is series are all from small developers and its a
huge part of what makes the iOS and Mac ecosystems so great.

I urge you to check out Fantastical. The price is normally \$20, but
right now its on sale for 50% off at the Mac App Store and I cant
recommend it enough.

[\$9.99 on the Mac App Store for a limited
time](%22http://click.linksynergy.com/fs-bin/click?id=IlkrxPmy5Xo&subid=&offerid=146261.1&type=10&tmpid=3909&RD_PARM1=http%3A%2F%2Fitunes.apple.com%2Fus%2Fapp%2Ffantastical%2Fid435003921%3Fmt%3D12%2526uo%3D4%22)
