Passwords can be annoying beasts. We all need them to safeguard our info
but our tendencies are to use a couple for all the places we go because
managing them can be a huge pain. I was firmly planted in that camp
until about 4 years ago when I decided to plunge into [1Password from
Agile Bits.](https://agilebits.com/onepassword)

What makes a utility like 1Password great is that it integrates with
your browser. So when Im at a site that Ive registered at it remembers
my login. If Im somewhere that I havent been before, 1Password offers to
remember my new login and password and will even make suggestions for a
new and very secure password for me.

Im at the point where I know hardly any of my passwords and I love it.

But it gets even better from there. With 1Password I can even store my
contact info for multiple locations as well as my credit/debit cards.
The great thing about this is that it knows which fields to fill in when
Im buying something and fills in the right info. It just works!

But I can hear you asking, what about syncing between all of my devices?
Youre covered there too. Dropbox is fully baked into 1Password on the
desktop as well as iOS and Android and it syncs seamlessly in the
background so you dont have to do anything. And if youre not near one of
your devices you can login to your Dropbox and open the file from your
browser

1Password supports Mac (where it got its statt), Windows, iOS (iPhone,
iPad and iPod touch) and Android. On Macs integration is supported with
Safari, Firefox and Chrome whereas with Windows it supports all of the
above plus Internet Explorer.

My biggest request at this point would be to build in a full web browser
with iCloud bookmark support into their iOS version. That would probably
be enough for me to consider using 1Password as my full time iPad
browser.

Ideally Safari would allow extensions on the iPhone or iPad olive you
can have on your desktop browser but that likely will never happen.

There are many purchasing options for 1Password. I have found the Mac
App store to be the best way for me, since it will come with a free
upgrade to the forthcoming 4.0 release. I dont have zany info on the new
features, but Ive [heard its going to be awesome and
beautiful.](http://brettterpstra.com/wrapping-up-wwdc-2012/). Im looking
forward to that one.

You can find 1Password at the Agile Bits website, or at one of the links
below for multiple platforms.

[\$49.99 on the Mac App
Store](http://click.linksynergy.com/fs-bin/stat?id=IlkrxPmy5Xo&offerid=146261&type=3&subid=0&tmpid=1826&RD_PARM1=http%253A%252F%252Fitunes.apple.com%252Fus%252Fapp%252F1password%252Fid443987910%253Fmt%253D12%2526uo%253D4%2526partnerId%253D30)

[\$14.99 for iPhone and iPad on the iOS App
Store](http://click.linksynergy.com/fs-bin/click?id=IlkrxPmy5Xo&offerid=146261.319898689&type=2&subid=0)

[\$49.99 for the Windows edition](https://agilebits.com/store/standard)
